very guys you believe nose respect
need you more lucky
Continental Cup and I mean to you
victories
maxus igorkom more and gas at 0
possessing a protector of jambs and
gliding flight will always be ahead
cheering for you guys because you
me number 1 what u guys
survival tight by the tail and do not let go
let an opponent know a speman or video
what does a real man need you
the best team just wins we
you last forever
guys bethesda channel for neman grodno for
all of Belarus
and remember you are the champions and at the best
the main thing is to believe in yourself and we too
strongly believe others to what's against
other responsible wish to get you
final we went to the guys it
check you wish you victory or at least
adequately performed with potentially
remember that we are always with you and we are ill
I want you to climb for you for a long time
one special tangle know i
I will always keep an eye on love
only this one team of these colors
No other
so wish you good luck quitting final
stage in france we live with you
cottagers dress in Denmark and win
victories
window will be
last forever
I
and flame
light than
hello grodno
hello to all fans and hello
little brothers
wish you a lot of luck
calculus us a cup and I hope that the whole
your tournament you play i will try that
that both miss your tournament won if we
meet you in the final tournament not
surely tan let's dance together yet
good luck times
pop punk us become there become us
one gadget
aunt aunt
bio number seven nannies
15 let the warrior
from Grodno so far to get to Denmark
it's not easy for us and let us not see the tournament
bases
you know guys